               Interview Question

    Link: https://youtu.be/j3JzKmTC_gI			   

    Q1:What is JRE and JDK?
    Ans:JDK is stands for java development tool kit .It contains all the library which is used to
         to develop and run a java application.It is combination of JRE and set of development
          tools.
        JRE:It is stands for Java Runtime Environment which are provide runtime environment
          for java program and it has combination of JVM and set of libraries.
    Q2:What would happen if we write static public void main instead of public static void main.
    Ans:In java order of specifier does't effect on problem in program.

    Q3:Which are various access Acciefier in java.
    Ans:Public :In public the method,class , variable can access from anywhere.
        Protected:It can access by package class and subclass.
        Private	:In Private those access by particular classes.
	    Default:It is access by only  current package.
    
    Q4:Can we make constructor static?
     Ans:No the reason is it is insilize the objects if we are trying to do then we will get
         compile time error.

    Q5:What is Inheritance?
    Ans:In Inheritance inherit the parents class property by child class.its done by extend 
         keyword.In java five types of Inheritance but java does't support Multiple Inheritance
		 and Hybrid Inheritance
         1.Single Inheritance
         2.Multiple Inheritance
		 3.Multilevel Inheritance
         4.Hierachiel Inheritance
         5.Hybrid Inheritance
    
    Q6:Which class is super class of all the classes.
    Ans: Object is the super class of all The classes.

    Q7:What is the aggerigation and composition?
    Ans:Aggerigation:It is represents the weak relation.eg:Bike
	    Composition: It is represents strong relation.eg:Vital
		
    Q8:Why java does not supports pointers?
	Ans:?
	
	Q9:What is pointer?
	Ans:?
	
	Q10:What is use of SuperKeyword?
	Ans:SuperKeyword is refer to the object of current base class. 
	
	